[2201.6.0] Update release note with the OpenAPI changes (#6960)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.6.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

`bal init` is deprecated and will be removed in a future version. `bal new .` can be used instead.

#### OpenAPI Tool

> - Added support for the `string` pattern with a subset of ECMA-flavored regexes that support the Ballerina regex in OpenAPI contracts using the Ballerina constraint module.

Author: ```suggestion
- Added support for openAPI regular expression templates (pattern property) defined according to [the Ballerina regular expressions grammar](https://ballerina.io/spec/lang/2022R4/#section_10.1) on string type in Ballerina client and service generation. With this support, the aforementioned regex templates will be represented as `ballerina/constraint` module annotations in the generated code.
```

> - Added support for the `string` pattern with a subset of ECMA-flavored regexes that support the Ballerina regex in OpenAPI contracts using the Ballerina constraint module.

Reviewer: @lnash94 I feel like adding everything to a single sentence will make it harder to grasp the idea. shall we mention about the supported regular expression grammer as the last sentence, sepearately?

> - Added support for the `string` pattern with a subset of ECMA-flavored regexes that support the Ballerina regex in OpenAPI contracts using the Ballerina constraint module.

Author: +1

> - Added support for the `string` pattern with a subset of ECMA-flavored regexes that support the Ballerina regex in OpenAPI contracts using the Ballerina constraint module.

Author: Address : https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/6960/commits/b7f68d70050eb10155561277cdd76b7e85474767
